ok we're getting close to an hour so I
just want to check in with me in here
because she is busy and she does work
very hard and so I need to get an idea
of like how much more time you're good
to go and how much you want to say well
we gotta wrap it up here so before I
offered open and other see if I can go
for probably another 30 minutes and then
I've got another meeting with another
client so I do have to go okay folks are
you heard it we got about 30 minutes
here if there's anybody who would also
like to take a seat can you just put a
note in the chat window here so I know
to go ahead and let people in and again
if you want to do it the last you a
pilot is the answer your questions so
anybody interested in grabbing a seat
let me know so I get an idea here in
ending the meeting meanwhile here we can
just keep the conversation going a bit
more I lost talking about here
covered a whole lot of material just
interaction in our Michael you know
about your quality and stable perot
conduct presentation representation
direction and destinations along with
impressive humble is bar none
oh man you're sweet thank you for this
point it is made about resonating with
people about connecting with people and
that brings there was one of the
important figuring out what's going on
in like manna said it's not just him is
not all about the money like I was going
to say it's like you've got to be able
to support yourself you got it back this
animal and so you gotta know what's
gonna sell you gotta find the way it's
going to be in with people and you're
gonna be about have that connection
you're gonna be able to resonate able to
provide the value that they're than
actually willing to sell 084 you train
your audience you know even in my free
stuff
for my $1 video i put a time limit on
that and look at it I tell people
flat-out happy you're enjoying this your
two-week time limit is coming up I can't
afford to do these for free
yeah these are really high quality
things and if you see that then go ahead
and do about the 10 bucks 10 bucks a lot
of money come on up to 10 bucks get way
more of them but also return the favor
of supporting me because I'm producing
this and if you you want me to keep
these updated I have to be paid I'm not
going to do this several of my heart up
a lot of that already going on I'm not
running the ball onto your kind of
organization charity organization here
I'm running a business info I try to
keep you know here's why it took me a
long time to get to this because I'm
service all the way through to my phone
service means I'll give you my shirt
I'll take food out of my mouth to give
it to you out that that way all the way
to my bone that's a horrible mentality
for being in business that's why service
people don't usually do very well in
business for it or they have a manager
they worked for somebody they do way
better working for somebody instead of
for themselves
it took me a long time to come to this
but my motto and I have to say to myself
almost every day in business to make
money helping people in that order
the bottom line is I'm gonna help people
no matter what I was volunteer work for
25 years I probably work harder at that
than anything I've ever been paid for
right I'm going to help people that's
not questioned her now I need to find
out how the thing myself while I do that
and cheaper than most people are that do
what I do at the level that I do it the
reason why I've got foot in the door
pricing because like I said people come
in at $1 and leave at 1501 face value I
don't have to do any more sales
that the job done it and I don't really
do a lot of films and promoted but my
thing is just promoting in general you
know making sure that people know what
they're saying things like $175 thought
it saved one of my clients $2,400 in
hosting I just need to get that word out
there so people can see the value so I
think you train your audience and how to
treat you if they also constantly in
that with another problem I have with
you to me is their constant take out
$300 product but I don't pretend I was
like whoa but then I had to back up and
the whole point of being known you to me
is volume its sheer volume and if you
fail you know $1,010 that's more than
filling 2300 the last time I did the
mail so they're doing so much emotion
for me once you trip there think I got a
thing the other day I just took a mean I
have no I haven't been on you to me long
enough to know if it's hard to get are
easy to get but they say things that
you're in the top group of instructors
from the feedback we got from your
students are like thank you all I don't
know if that's easy to get a hard to get
or whatever but it made my day and you
have to prepare wires you know to get
them behind you too so it's not it's not
as easy sound that's a lot of
promotional products first day on you to
me in 23 hours on my bob hundred dollars
and that was with a 55 percent discount
and some of it free but that was my own
peeps in the reason I did that it's good
third more likely to actually take more
of the course and also more likely to
leave me raving reviews which is what
you need to get started you need to get
that ball rolling with mutual that I
gave them something about you and they
gave me something about you bought it
about you and I don't have any problem
asking them for that and they're happy
to support me look they're already
supporting me they're already locked
into me so I've got no problem going to
help me out there like yeah sure
you know it get that ball rolling and
after that you know I got rocket after
that it has plummeted but it's going
back up again and that's the whole thing
about you to me it's a long game in like
Mark food you have to have more courses
which are planned to put up I absolutely
you've got more on the web at one
sitting right here right they'll
helping to get out for Black Friday if I
don't think it's gonna happen discover
the time but I will get it and you know
I got five more courses at least five at
not fix it it's about clustering and you
know you start to do your own promotion
with the end the UNAMI sales final two
inside just like it works outside work
in it man it's gonna take me six months
to get where I wanna be I'm nowhere near
where I want to be but I have you know
what I think I've been on there are a
couple of months and I don't know 1200
$1,500 forger than I was before
could have made more had entered all my
membership site membership fight about
three times more but it's a long game
with the long game
benchley make way more